
- Monday November 11 2013, 01:02:58 AM -
fossterer: Hi ! I installed CWM Recovery and then superuser.zip... Why am I still seeing the regular Android UI?
greenboxal: but they aren't suposed to change it
fossterer: SO my process isn't complete yet? I was looking to replace my current Android OS entirely
FL5: uh, flashing a custom recovery and pushing superuser isn't going to change anything about your normal user experience
FL5: if you don't know that, you really really need to do a lot more reading 
fossterer: yikes! "Installing custom recovery" is not "Installing Custom ROM"?? 
fossterer: FL5: where do i read?
FL5: ...
FL5: not sure if troll...
fossterer: Heyy.. I don't mean trolling... Till this day I didn't know that this is a 3-step process - recovery+rooting+rom
fossterer: Now, please tell me how do I do the next step?
FL5: there are a lot of different parts to the software inside your phone
FL5: what you can do with it really depends on your specific hardware and what software you want to use
FL5: ideally, if you have a rom you want to run, there will be a thread for it.  you should read it.  twice.
FL5: all the way through.
FL5: in the specific forum for your device.
fossterer: this crazy HTC First has no place in the HTC website itself :-(
FL5: oh.  ohhhhh.
FL5: yeah, there's not a lot of help for you, buddy.
FL5: the community for the First is pretty small
fossterer: alright.. What is that "what you can do with it really depends on your specific hardware and what software you want to use" mean?
FL5: oh hey...   looks like they did actually get a rom built for it
fossterer: I am eager to knw if there's more I can do than what I am expecting now - installing just custom ROM
fossterer: ohh really?
FL5: specifically:  there is really not a lot that you can actually do, software wise, with an HTC First
FL5: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2316862  <--the one rom that is in that forum
fossterer: uuuhhh... thanks
fossterer: I am still eager to know the answer to my previous question.. please!!??
fossterer: "there are a lot of different parts to the software inside your phone" ?? 
FL5: dude, read this:  http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1930844
 - ramsrib has joined the room
fossterer: lolZ... am I too annoying? But honestly that was what I was yearning for... I really needed a start like that
fossterer: but never found it..
fossterer: Thank you I'll be back tomorrow once I am done with it. Bye
FL5: hell, i knew what i was looking for and i still had to try a half dozen google searches before i found it
FL5: so i guess i can't razz you too hard about that
fossterer: Alright... No more questions from me till I get that material rightly into my head..
